I
hello congratulations you have been
selected to take ordinal one of a kind
game so all you have to do is complete
13 challenges quantify you're watching
me now one thousand dollars will be
instantly credited to your bank account
[ __ ] you have 90 thousand dollars of
debt who can't honestly even provide for
your fiancee and we will make all your
problems go away please press one each
one is more complicated than the first
are you ready
Helia what's going on
the bubbler I'm with a police
was it maniac out there
running wild should we start tallying
the charges no didn't do it I didn't do
anything so there's two of you out there
there's another player gonna make me say
freeze you think this is the game is
that quading flies any more dumb
contestants think they can walk away
there's only one way to complete a
challenge everything there t is the end
see that's the true objective of the
game to show as an anyone can be turned
into a monster
you